That should do it.
Thanks, Lis!
My pleasure.
Aren't you gonna go clearing with your guild today?
I'm meeting with someone later, so I took the day off.
So that's how it is, eh?
Wh-What?
I need to get going!
You've found something important to you, huh.
Did you say something?
Nope, nothing.
Do your best, okay?
Jeez, it isn't like that!
Anyway, see you later.
I wonder if I can find something too.
I recognized my cowardly past
mitometeta okubyou na kako
Remaining ignorant, I cowered in fear
wakaranai mama ni kowagateta
My other self reflects reality onto the present
ushiro no jibun ga genjitsu wo ima ni utsusu
This world, where I envisioned countless skies,
ikutsu mo no sora wo kaita koko wa kitto
will surely drive my frail heart insane.
hakanai kokoro midashite
In my dreams, I soared in the skies,
yume de takaku tonda karada wa
shaking off any anxieties that clung to me
donna fuan matottemo furiharatteku
A subconscious thought expands outward
nemuru chiisa na omoi hirogaridashite
Notice my weakness and stay by me
kizuku yowai watashi kimi ga ireba
so I can confidently accept this dark world
kurai sekai tsuyoku ireta
I continue to dream for all of eternity
nagai yume miru kokoro wa sou eien de
I wanna always be with you.
I'll give you everything I have.
So-so, I guess.
Serving customers is also part of the job.
All right!
Welcome to Lisbeth's Smith Shop!
Well, uh... I'd like to place an order for a custom-made weapon.
I wonder if he can afford it...
You know, the price for metals has increased recently, so...
Don't worry about the cost.
I'd just like the best sword you can make.
That's a bit vague...
I'll need you to tell me what kind of specs you're looking for.
Oh, I see.
Then, how about something that's at least on par with this sword?
The Elucidator?
Out of all the swords available from monster drops,
this one's so good it can be considered a cursed sword.
Think you can do it?
How about this?
Amongst all the weapons I've made, it's the cream of the crop.
Feels a bit light.
The metal I used to make it was a speed-type, after all.
Mind if I test it out?
Test it?
The durability, that is.
Hold it! If you do that, your sword will break!
We'll cross that bridge when we get there.
Irreparable...
What were you thinking?!
S-Sorry! I didn't imagine that your sword would be the one to break!
So you're saying that my sword was weaker than you expected?
Uh... Yeah, pretty much.
For your information, had I the materials,
I'd be able to make countless swords that could snap yours in two, no problem!
Really, now? I'd love that.
A sword that could snap mine in two.
I-If you're going to say that much, you'll be helping me with everything!
Everything?
Yep. Starting from getting the metal.
I can go by myself.
Bringing you along would only slow me down, after all.
Quit belittling me, will you?
I'm a smith, but I'm also a master mace user.
Really.
So, where's the metal?
On the 55th Floor, there's a mountain to the west, home to a dragon that lives off crystals.
Rumors have it that it builds up a rare metal inside its body.
The 55th Floor, huh...
I really sh—
Apparently, to get the metal, you need a master smith nearby.
Still plan on going alone?
Just stay behind me where it's safe, okay?
Hey, you...
My name's Kirito.
Guess we'll be working together until the sword's done.
Sure, Kirito.
Getting informal right off the bat? Not that I mind,
Lisbeth.
It's cold...
You didn't bring any extra clothes?
I didn't know the 55th Floor was a frozen wasteland!
You don't need it?
I'm a lot more disciplined than you are.
Annoying, every step of the way.
...It's warm.
To think I'm together alone with a guy like him...
What a strange turn of events.
What's wrong, Lisbeth?
Are you already tired out?
I've got plenty left in me!
Also, you might as well cut it short and just call me "Lis".
Okay, whatever, Lis.
Drop the attitude!
It's beautiful!
What was that for?
Get a teleport crystal ready.
Yeah, yeah.
Also, leave this next bit to me.
Once the dragon appears, hide behind some nearby crystals.
Don't come out no matter what.
Why?
I'm no amateur, so you could use my help.
Stay back!
All right.
Let's get going then.
Hide over there!
Got it!
It's a breath attack! Watch out!
Amazing...
With such a small weapon...
Who exactly are you?
C'mon, hurry up and end it!
You idiot! Don't come out yet!
What? It's almost over, isn't it—
Lis!
You're kidding! No!
Lis, grab on!
You're alive...
Yeah, I'm still alive.
Drink this, just in case.
Okay...
Uh, thanks... for saving me.
It's a bit early to be thanking me.
We still need to get out of here.
Why don't we just teleport?
Teleport to Lindas!
No way!
If crystals don't work here, that means there's another way.
How can you be sure?
This could be a trap designed
to leave players to die!
Oh, that's true.
You know, you could at least try to cheer me up!
I've got an idea.
Really?
Yep.
We run up the walls.
Idiot.
Idiot or not, there's only one way to find out.
Whoa.
If I had the space to make a longer approach, I'd have had it.
Don't kid yourself.
This is all so bizarre.
This would never happen in the real world.
Staying somewhere I've never been before,
with some stranger, sleeping next to each other...
And you even tried to run up a wall.
You're a real weirdo.
Sorry if you don't approve.
Hey, Kirito.
Can I ask you something?
What're you being so polite for?
Back then, why did you save me?
Rather than leaving someone to die, I'd much rather die together with them.
And if that person is a girl like you, even more so.
You really are stupid.
You're the only one who thinks like that.
Hey,
hold my hand.
Sure.
It's warm.
Both of us are just data in a virtual world, but...
Lis...
Huh?
What's up?
Here, look.
Is this... what I think it is?
Yeah, I imagine it's the metal we came looking for.
The dragon eats the crystals, and refines them inside its belly...
That's why we couldn't find it.
Good find!
But why was it here of all places?
This pit isn't a trap. It's the dragon's den.
H-Huh?
Basically, that ingot is the dragon's excretion.
It's poop.
Well, at any rate, we got what we came for.
Now all that's left is...
Hey, you said that this is the dragon's den, right?
Yeah.
The dragon's supposed to be nocturnal, so that means that it should...
It's here!
H-Hey, wha—
Lis, hold on tight!
We're almost out!
Amazing!
Kirito!
You know, I...
What?
I love you, Kirito!
What did you say? I can't hear you!
It's nothing!
A one-handed long sword is fine, right?
Yep. I leave it to you.
The warmth of his hand and my feelings...
they're both real.
Once I make a satisfactory sword, I'll confess my feelings to him.
It's called the Dark Repulsor.
Considering it's my first time seeing this,
I doubt it's listed in the information brokers' directory.
Give it a swing.
Okay.
H-How is it?
It's heavy.
It's a good sword.
Great!
It feels like you put your heart and soul into it.
Well, with this, the job's done.
I'll pay for the sword.
How much?
Uh, well...
You don't have to pay.
Instead...
I want you to make me your exclusive blacksmith.
What do you mean?
Lis?
Wh-Whenever you finish hunting in the fields,
come here and let me maintain your equipment.
Every day, from now on.
Lis?
Kirito, I...
I'm...
Lis!
I was worried sick!
A-Asuna?
Lis!
My messages didn't go through, and I couldn't locate you on the map.
Just where were you last night?
S-Sorry.
I was stuck in a dungeon for a bit.
A dungeon?
You, by yourself?
No, I went with him.
Ki-Kirito-kun?!
W-Well, Asuna...
Long time no see.
Actually, guess not. Two days no see?
You surprised me!
I see. So you already dropped by.
If you had let me know, I would've tagged along.
Do you two know each other?
Well, we're both part of the clearing group.
He said he wanted a powerful sword,
so I pointed him to your shop.
Is that so...
I hope you didn't do anything weird to my friend.
A-As if I would!
Your stuttering's not helping your case.
We nearly died yesterday, so it wouldn't hurt for you to cut me some slack!
That's why I kept telling you to not try to handle everything by yourself.
I see.
So that's how it is.
This guy didn't say anything rude to you, did he?
Lis?
Rude's an understatement!
He snapped the best sword I had into two pieces!
S-Sorry...
It's not something you should be apologizing for, Asuna.
Well, he's weird, but he's not a bad guy.
I'll be rooting for you, so do your best, Asuna!
I'm telling you, it's not what you think!
Lis?
Sorry, I need to stock up on
supplies, so I'll be out for a bit!
What about the shop?
I'll count on you two to keep an eye on it!
What?
Wait, Lis!
Lisbeth.
You shouldn't have come so soon.
If you came a bit later...
I would've been able to go back to being my usual, cheerful self.
Lis...
How did you find me?
From there, I scanned the whole town and found you.
Honestly, you come up with the craziest things.
Sorry. I'm fine.
I think I just got a bit shaken up with all the sudden adventures.
So...
Just...
forget... everything I said.
I want to thank you, Lis.
I've always...
Always...
Thought that rather than letting someone die alone, dying together would be better.
I really did.
Kirito...
But, when we fell down that hole together, I was glad that we both made it.
It made me realize that I was no exception,
that everyone was living for the sake of living.
So... Thank you, Lis.
Me too...
You know, I was also constantly searching for it.
Something real in this world.
And for me,
that was the warmth of your hand.
Tell this to Asuna too.
Lis...
I'm fine.
For a little longer, this warmth will remain.
So... please.
Kirito, bring an end to this world.
Until then, I'll keep doing my best.
I promise.
I'll clear this game no matter what.
If your weapons or armor ever need repairs, you know where to go.
Of course.
The Lisbeth Smith Shop awaits your next visit!
The far-sounding chime of a bell carried a solitary tone
tooku ni kikoeta kane no ne ga sukoshi samishikute
It rang once more, but with greater clarity and vibrance
mou ichido tsuyoku kondo wa takaku kakenuketa
Neither this ever-repeating reality nor these wishes that dot the sky
tada kurikaesu genjitsu mo hoshi no kazu no negaigoto mo
can surpass the feeling of having found meaning in tomorrow
mezasu beki asu wo mitsuketa kono omoi ni wa katenai
It's fine if the boundless world spread before me is merely a dream
me no mae ni hirakareta hatenai sekai tatoe yume demo ii
Even if it continues to waver, it always clearly resounds in my dreams
mayoi tsuzuketemo yume no oku de tsuyoku zutto zutto hibiiteku
Softly, softly shining
sotto sotto hikatteru